gha-runner-scale-set-controller (#2508)
chainguard-images/images: images/gha-runner-scale-set-controller/README.md

<!--monopod:start-->
# gha-runner-scale-set-controller
| | |
| - | - |
| **OCI Reference** | `cgr.dev/chainguard/gha-runner-scale-set-controller` |

* [View Image in Chainguard Academy](https://edu.chainguard.dev/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/gha-runner-scale-set-controller/overview/)
* [View Image Catalog](https://console.enforce.dev/images/catalog) for a full list of available tags.
* [Contact Chainguard](https://www.chainguard.dev/chainguard-images) for enterprise support, SLAs, and access to older tags.*

---
<!--monopod:end-->

<!--overview:start-->
Kubernetes controller for GitHub Actions self-hosted runners
<!--overview:end-->

<!--getting:start-->
## Download this Image
The image is available on `cgr.dev`:

```
docker pull cgr.dev/chainguard/gha-runner-scale-set-controller:latest
```
<!--getting:end-->

> <!--body:start--><!--body:end-->

Reviewer: Can we add some usage docs?

<!--monopod:start-->
# gha-runner-scale-set-controller
| | |
| - | - |
| **OCI Reference** | `cgr.dev/chainguard/gha-runner-scale-set-controller` |

* [View Image in Chainguard Academy](https://edu.chainguard.dev/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/gha-runner-scale-set-controller/overview/)
* [View Image Catalog](https://console.enforce.dev/images/catalog) for a full list of available tags.
* [Contact Chainguard](https://www.chainguard.dev/chainguard-images) for enterprise support, SLAs, and access to older tags.*

---
<!--monopod:end-->

<!--overview:start-->
Kubernetes controller for GitHub Actions self-hosted runners
<!--overview:end-->

<!--getting:start-->
## Download this Image
The image is available on `cgr.dev`:

```
docker pull cgr.dev/chainguard/gha-runner-scale-set-controller:latest
```
<!--getting:end-->

<!--body:start-->

## Usage

> You can find more information about how to use this controller in the [TESTING.md](https://github.com/developer-guy/images/blob/912d18688376bb0b8d89148c3be0cce389f2f9b9/images/gha-runner-scale-set-controller/TESTING.md).

Reviewer: This link is to 'developer-guy' github :)

> You can find more information about how to use this controller in the [TESTING.md](https://github.com/developer-guy/images/blob/912d18688376bb0b8d89148c3be0cce389f2f9b9/images/gha-runner-scale-set-controller/TESTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information about how to use this controller in the [TESTING.md](https://github.com/chainguard-images/images/tree/main/images/gha-runner-scale-set-controller/TESTING.md).
```

Author: good catch!! thanks so much @mamccorm!
